App authentication

Native or desktop app?
Enable if your app is a native or desktop app
Download User Identifiers
Download Files
​
To ensure compliance with applicable privacy laws and Section 3(d)(i) of the Platform Terms, please promptly review the list of either app-scoped or instant game IDs and delete all records of them from your database. If you would like to opt out of this requirement in the future, please implement a valid Data Deletion Callback URL. Learn More
Upgrade API version
Use these settings to control which API your app calls for different roles.
all calls version
v22.0
​
Upgrade all calls
Change the API version your app calls for all users
​
app roles calls version
v22.0
​
Upgrade Calls for App Roles
Change the API version your app calls for developers
​
App Restrictions

References alcohol
Restricts age in some locations
​

Social discovery
App usage stories can appear in ticker or Feed

Age restriction
age restriction
Anyone (13+)
​


GDPR Restricted
Further restrict age in GDPR countries
​



Country restricted
Restrict app to users in selected countries
​
Security
Server IP allowlist
​
App requests using the app secret must originate from these IP addresses.
Update settings IP allowlist
​
App settings can only be updated from these IP addresses.
Update notification email
A notification email will be sent to this address when updates are made to app settings.
Client token
e7c46faa1cc6419a6e7fe5b9d0a8c07c

Require app secret
Require app secret or app secret proof for API calls with access tokens used outside of trusted contexts.

Require 2-factor reauthorization
Require 2-fac to change application settings

Allow API Access to app settings
Set to No to prevent changes to app settings through API calls
Domain manager
No domains have been set for this app
Advertising Accounts
Authorized ad account IDs
Share This App With a Partner? Get Started
To assign an app to a business partner from Business Manager, select the business, click Assign Partners on the Accounts Apps page and enter the Partner Business ID.
Share Redirect Allow List

Allow Cross Domain Share Redirects
Allow shares that redirect to your urls from cross domain urls. If disabled you can add a whitelist of domains that you allow redirects from.
Share Redirect Domain Allow List
​
Only the domains optionally added to an allow list can redirect to your URLs when shared.
Remove app
Removing שומר שבת - Test1 from the platform will:
Prevent the app from being accessed by all developers, regardless of role.
Hide the app from public view and search results in the App Center.
Invalidate user access tokens for people who have logged in with their Facebook account.
